---
layout: post
title: "Why?"
categories: posts
tag: thoughts
---

For fuck sake you guys have no idea like how the fuck these guys are so fucking annoying when they are like in the end of the term they just go yelling in-and-out about like "will this appear in the test?" "but I just can't understand"

Like, dudes... You don't really put an effort when you taking all the classes previously, but now you take others time on your own fault? and like it's justice to do so.

Let me have it clear, It's not like that I am really good at all this or really taken my heart into the classes in the whole term, but I could know what to do to save me from getting an **F**, or just recognize the situation + not want to do anything, just fuck it let is go. But not dual standard. Let others to put their time effort and mental status and temper in order to pay your losses.

And the person to do this type of things are most likely the shittiest person in your class, they like to chit-chat during classes. Have a lot of problem towards others, and being a coward when something happened.

Let's be clear that regarding the "they like to chit-chat during classes", you might be askin' "Teacher don't say a word then you shouldn't mind it" or "Like why you care about it anyway? Be focus".

Okay, for the first statement: Fuck you, that's a common sense that you shouldn't talk during classes or when others are speaking, and even if the teachers don't give a shit about it it's either they simply can't do anything or they just want to quickly get the job done. And btw, I suffer from severe APD (Auditory Processing Disorder), and I am easily able to get distracted by those chit-chats, which makes me important to hear exactly what the teachers are talking about, listen to it in a quiet enviorment is hard enough, why should I suffer more from this?

For the second statement: You know what, like fuck you, I can't focus that good like you guys, like what I mentioned above. I simply cannot be like you guys to concentrate on your Tik Tok or Rednote swipe for 90 min straight (bear in mind that I don't even use these two shitware for the first place), joke to you I can't even finish watching a movie without starting to wondering did the thearter staffs got the screen cleaned today or the guy sit in front of me didn't put his straw into the beverage cup at all. Like thats how the fuck I sucks compares to all ya genius.


Yes, sure, you could all say that I don't have common sense, but I rather think you guys are the one that are lacking common sense. Fuck you.



